{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 BodoniSvtyTwoITCTT-Book;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22440\viewh13580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	
\fs36 1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Briefly describe\'a0
\b your current learning career and trajectory
\b0 \'a0(College sophomore aiming for a degree in language? High-school student unsure of your future major but enjoying math and physics? Retired, in your mid-sixties and exploring the idea of learning something completely new?).\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Briefly describe\'a0
\b the learning aim that is of importance to you
\b0 \'a0(it may be passing a particular class, excelling in a particular degree program, or something outside school, such as mastering culinary expertise.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Describe your\'a0
\b biggest mental challenges in achieving your learning aim
\b0 .\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Outline existing research or learning techniques
\b0 \'a0that are relevant to your challenges.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Propose how you will\'a0
\b apply knowledge of research findings or learning techniques
\b0 \'a0to help you overcome your challenges.\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\

\f1 My current learning career and trajectory consist of a Master\'92s degree in molecular biology/evolution and a bending trajectory towards a field that I have come to find more interesting and inspiring than conducting data generation and collection in a wet lab setting. Ultimately, I lost my motivation in what I was most recently pursuing. I didn\'92t and still don\'92t want to end up answering questions that have no impact on this world, on our understanding of who we are and what this world is. I have a lot of new questions that I want to answer; new questions that have materialized recently\'85 and to start working towards understanding and potentially answering them is what I find to be extremely motivating. I\'92m a biologist by training and I think science is the most tangible and easiest way to understand what is around us. It\'92s actually quite amazing\'85having empirical data that is relatively reliable and right at our fingertips! Our new problem is having so much data, we don\'92t know what to do with it! Now, we have to learn how to pick out patterns, how to see with eyes unclouded as one wise lady put it. Being able to analyze data is powerful in the sense that it gives us the ability to focus and see clearly. Just like an image, the higher number of pixels the more detailed the image. I\'92m wondering what sort of questions can we even answer? Is there a limit?\
I\'92m out of university at age 27. I have a bachelors in Microbiology from the University of California, Davis, I have a Master\'92s from a top institute in Germany and I was working towards my PhD in fungal genomics. My position didn\'92t align with my motives and the supporting environment was not supportive enough for my mental health, so I decided to move back home to find a way into human-related research in bioinformatics. This is a huge task, but I\'92ve been on  a journey of world discovery, of what it means to be a part of this world and I don\'92t plan on stopping. I\'92ve seen so much of it in my 27 years, I\'92m one of the lucky few. I\'92ve seen poverty, I\'92ve seen riches, and in my own individual way, I\'92ve gotten a taste of both. But no matter where or who you are, life goes on. What is life? You can be the poorest man on earth or the richest horse lady in Woodside, you can still stop, take a deep breath in and look at your hands. You can ask yourself: what are these hands, what are they made of and where are they going? You can think, I\'92m not perfect, I\'92m just one person, I wonder what life is like for someone else. If we are asking these questions no matter who we are, no matter where we are, what does that mean? As a population of trillions of people, we die, we\'92re born, we walk, talk, look into the mirror, sleep, dream, eat, get sick, recover, cry, and love, how is it that we feel so cut off from one another, from our whole-ness? I guess seeing is believing. Experiencing how similar we all are, understanding and empathizing with one another and caring for not only the well being of yourself, but for the well being of someone you\'92ve never met. That\'92s the amazing thing about human beings. We can close our eyes and transport ourselves, our reality, our consciousness into a life completely different than the one we\'92ve individually known, we have imagination. All we need to do is be aware. Aware of all the many different kinds of environments, the many different kinds of relationships and interactions, hardships, imperfections, the variation that comes with an individual. It\'92s complicated, but worth trying to envision. \
That\'92s the beauty of evolution, conversely. How so many individuals can share so many characteristics and yet still have an individual \'93wavelength\'94 that contributes to a spread trajectory of one characteristic. Using our genomes, we can see back into how we were eons ago and how we\'92ve changed throughout the ages that\'92s led to who we are now. Given known variables such as the environment, the physical variation in a population, our interactions, and how fast variation can be generated, we can make predictions of what we will look like in the future theoretically\'85 that is given under the laws that describe evolution. Of course, what people are saying now, due to artificial intelligence and our ability to upgrade ourselves in a blink of an eye relative to how we\'92ve been evolving in the past, we have no way of predicting what we will look like in the future. This is where evolution as we know it collapses. Yet, in order for evolution to collapse, we first have to understand how to manipulate what is directly related to evolution, our biology. But don\'92t get me wrong, I\'92m not saying manipulation is the ultimate goal. It\'92s yet another step in discovering who we are. What makes up our being, why we all ask the question, who am I? \
\
\
\
I\'92ve recently discovered a kind of secular spirituality that was brought on through a discovery of a truer reason for meditation, being mindful and aware. Throughout my life, I\'92ve had glimpses of extremely heart-felt questions. Questions about life, death, who I am, who we are. When I started college, I was surrounded by this environmental problem that I had grown up in. This problem is still near and dear to my heart, but I\'92ve found something closer that gives me a fuller feeling when I think about it. What is humanity? What is consiousness? Science has unearthed so many interesting things about our environment, our evolution, and the biology that makes us who we are physically. \
\

\f0 \
\
\
}